Introduce ClusterCloudEventSource (#1398)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.15/operate/events.md

}
```

### Scopes: Namespace vs. Cluster

> Each `CloudEventSource` is defined in one namespace. For cases where you want to share a single sink among many namespaces, you can instead create a `ClusterCloudEventSource`. As a global object, this can be used from any namespace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `CloudEventSource` is defined in one namespace and will only subscribe to events inside that namespace. If you want to subscribe to events in all namespaces, you can instead create a `ClusterCloudEventSource` resource.
```
